Adding heading level for Divider (#3669)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-core-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Added
>   * Added a Heading Level for `terra-Divider`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed
  * Updated `terra-divider` tests and doc examples to include heading level prop.

```
